README.md, before:

# Project 3

> Fill this quoted section with a summary of your project. 3-5 sentences describing the problem and how your application solves it. (Even a game is solving a problem to a degree) - What makes your app stand out from other apps like it (Do some competitor research)

## Developers

- Juan Delgado (https://github.com/sebasdelgado24)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide
- Moises Eastland (https://github.com/MoisesEastalnd)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide
- Monica Martinez (https://github.com/mgmarti)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide

## Techstack

- List the technologies (including which css framework) you will use for the project
React

## Project board

- Link to your project board on Github - there should be an overview of the features and some user stories assigned to various team members

## Database Diagram

- Link to your database diagram (Check out this tool https://dbdiagram.io/d)
  - Its ok to screenshot it or share a link from a tool like above
  - THE POINT OF THIS IS TO PLAN YOUR DATABASE

Commit message:

updated readme with MVP and Stretch Goals

README.md, after:

# Project 3

> Fill this quoted section with a summary of your project. 3-5 sentences describing the problem and how your application solves it. (Even a game is solving a problem to a degree) - What makes your app stand out from other apps like it (Do some competitor research)

The app is going to do is instead of using multiple apps to manage the most important topics that we have in life like: family, health, finances, church, children, expenses  etc we are going to have everything on a single app, on a single page where you can set up goals and habits to reach those goals and see piecharts/ stats about the progress of reaching those goals.

## Developers

- Juan Delgado (https://github.com/sebasdelgado24)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide
- Moises Eastland (https://github.com/MoisesEastalnd)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide
- Monica Martinez (https://github.com/mgmarti)
  - Role
  - Any other summary details about the developer you wish to provide

## Techstack

- List the technologies (including which css framework) you will use for the project
React
Bootstrap
HTML
CSS
FontAwesome
Express
MongoDB
Mongoose
Node
Axios
Heroku/AWS

## MVP
List the Must Have Features minimum viable product
- Working authentication
- Master Checklist of goals/ user dashboard defined by categories
- Weekly progress control panel


## Stretch Goals
What you will try to accomplish after MVP 
- A reward system for user when they complete a goal/habit.
- Email user daily goal reminder

## Project board

- Link to your project board on Github - there should be an overview of the features and some user stories assigned to various team members

## Database Diagram

- Link to your database diagram (Check out this tool https://dbdiagram.io/d)
  - Its ok to screenshot it or share a link from a tool like above
  - THE POINT OF THIS IS TO PLAN YOUR DATABASE
